Skirt steak, with its coarse texture and hearty grain is a great cut for marinating, 
particularly when the marinade is a garlicky mix of lime and orange juice.
As it chars over a hot flame, the interior ends up buttery-rich. 
Serve this steak with grilled potato wedges for a complete meal.

Note: An equivalent weight of flap, hanger, or flank steak can be used in place of skirt steak. 
This steak can also be prepared indoors. See Step 5 for pan-frying instructions.

Ingredients
For the Steak:
2 pounds skirt steak, trimmed of excess fat (see note)
2 tablespoons juice from about 2 limes, plus 1 extra lime for serving
1/4 cup juice from 1 orange
2/3 cup olive oil, divided
4 medium cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon ground cumin
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves and fine stems


Directions
1.
Place skirt steak a resealable bag and add lime and orange juices, 1/3 cup olive oil, 
garlic, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Seal and squish around to combine. 
Place in the refrigerator to marinate at least 1 hour and up to overnight.

2.
When ready to cook, Remove meat from the refrigerator. Remove from marinade and pat dry with paper towels. 
Transfer marinade to a small saucepan over medium heat. Simmer until reduced by half.

3.
Light one chimney full of charcoal. When all the charcoal is lit and covered with gray ash, 
pour out and spread the coals evenly over half of coal grate. Alternatively, set half the burners 
of a gas grill to high heat. Set cooking grate in place, cover grill and allow to preheat for 5 minutes. 
Clean and oil the grilling grate.

4.
Place skirt steak on hot side of grill and cook, flipping occasionally, until well-charred and an 
instant-read thermometer inserted into their center registers 115°F to 120°F for medium-rare or 125°F 
to 130°F for medium. Transfer steak to a large plate, tent with foil, and allow to rest for 10 minutes. 
Proceed to step 6.

5.
Alternatively, to finish indoors: Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil in a large stainless steel 
or cast iron skillet over high heat until shimmering. Add steak and cook, turning frequently, 
until well-browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into its center reads 115°F to 120°F for 
medium-rare or 125°F to 130°F for medium. Reduce heat as necessary if steak smokes excessively or starts to burn. 
Transfer to a wire rack set in a rimmed baking sheet and allow to rest 10 minutes.

6.
Slice steak against the grain, drizzle with pan sauce and sprinkle with cilantro. Cut extra lime into wedges and serve with steak.
